gh-125038: Iterator checks are added for some FOR_ITER bytecodes, crash fixed (#125051)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2024-10-07-19-26-50.gh-issue-125038.ffSLCz.rst

> Fix SIGSEGV in genexpr after direct changes on gi_frame.f_locals. Patch by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix crash when iterating over a generator expression after direct changes on ``gi_frame.f_locals``. Patch by
```
The exact crash mechanism is OS-dependent and not guaranteed, so let's just say "crash".
